Thousands of years ago, the gods left a powerful material called Arcanic Crystals for human kind to stumble across one day. This material, once able to be properly refined and used, would allow humans to take their next step in evolution and their technological advances would improve by leaps and bounds for them to become an intergalactic species.

Once humans discovered this resource it was quickly commercialized. The largest refiner of Arcanic Crystals was a wealthy man by the name of [bad guy]. He promised the public that he would help usher in a new age of prosperity for mankind with this resource. However, his true intentions were much more sinister.

He would perform all kinds of experiments in his facilities attempting to harness the power of the crystals for power. He would randomly take his workers and miners and have torturous experiments performed on them with the crystals. He would subject them to arcanic radiation, attempt to infuse the energy in their blood, and many other terrible things. This was all in an attempt to find a way to combine man and arcania into one thus gaining some of the powers of the gods themselves. 1000s died in this experiments and they all failed except for one...

This experiment he performed on his own child. Once he found out that his wife was pregnant he locked her up and subject her to extreme arcanic radiation. The mother survived for 8 months but could not go any further. The baby was removed from the womb once the mother died.

The baby was born with golden eyes and had gold blood. [bad guy] was mad with glee and ordered for 100 pregnant women to be found and experimented on. All of the babies and mothers died in the experiments. 

As the baby aged [bad guy] tortured it in order to turn it into his own killing machine. At the age of 5 it was found that the child could absorb arcanic energy from the arcanic crystals power small electrical devices through his body. The experiments on the boy went up 10 fold as [bad guy] tried to weaponize the boy. He attemped to get the boy to kill small creatures in order to begin his creation into a weapon. However, the boy would always refuse and in turn be tortured furthur for non compliance. 

The boy had now turned into a young man however he still refused to kill. He was kept in a cell and tortured. The boy still had not realized the extent of the arcanic power. Desperate the [bad guy] tracked down one of the most senior experts, [arcania teacher] on arcanic energy in order to mentor the boy. 

[arcania teacher] was in awe at the boy. He had no idea how the boy was alive with the arcanic energy in his blood. however, he felt that [bad guy] had evil intentions. The boy seemed battered and beaten however [bad guy] said that the arcanic energy in the boy was just a result of a freak accident. 

[arcania teacher] saw that the boy had great potential power but was extremley weak from the abuse. One day [arcania teacher] stubled upon one of [bad guys] blue prints and saw that it was for a super weapon using arcanic energy. This weapon was the likes of which had never been seen before and was completley out of the scope of the company that [bad guy] ran. There was a law to never use this energy for weaponery and [bad guy] was explicity breaking it. 

[arcania teacher] hatched a plan to escape with the boy to the far  outward reaches of gandozia and attempt to train the boy so that they could return and stop [bad guy].